
Reddit User Persona for: kojied

Top Comment Keywords: ['sorry', 'multiple granaries', 'store ale', 'yeah', 'doesn ’ t', 'incredible', 'character consistency', 'consistent character image', 'game haha', 'too']
Comment Sentiment Score: 0.07461210953398453

Top Post Keywords: ['intern season', 'technically', 'different neighborhood', 'mature vibe', 'college basement party', 'old person', 'wrong party', 'year-old 20-year-olds', 'york', 'own personal orgy dome']
Post Sentiment Score: 0.18159536541889484

Likely Interests: ['sorry', 'multiple granaries', 'store ale', 'yeah', 'doesn ’ t', 'incredible', 'character consistency', 'consistent character image', 'game haha', 'too', 'intern season', 'technically', 'different neighborhood', 'mature vibe', 'college basement party', 'old person', 'wrong party', 'year-old 20-year-olds', 'york', 'own personal orgy dome']
Tone: Positive

Sample Comment Used:
Sorry to hear that man, in the future you may want to have multiple granaries, one close to your berries/deer/fish and one for your veggies/apples/honey.
Also I just store ale at the tavern or keep it in the brewery for this reason

Sample Post Used:
I feel violated by intern season
There's this bar that I frequent a few blocks away from my house. Technically different neighborhood, but generally has a mature vibe with people who like music and to dance. Today when I went to the bar and all of a sudden I felt like I was at a college basement party. I thought that I must have been hallucinating, but Then a girl pointed at me and referred to me as the old person. That's when I knew I had to get out of there.
 I was at the wrong party. 

As I walk back home, all of a sudden I realize that there were now tens of thousands of 18 year-old 19 year-old 20-year-olds who were all living on top of each other and were super young and horny to basically use the New York nightlife as their own personal orgy dome.
 Naturally I felt violated

But then again, I thought to myself. Am I not the same as they are, just at a longer time horizon? I'm also a transient being in the city. They might only be here for three months, but I've only been here for three years as well. As a matter fact, there are bunch of people have done this for generations where their parents and their grandparents and their grandparents all met in New York, and they all decided to live somewhere in the broader region whether it be Westchester, Wilmington, Big Indian, Boston, etc. 
New York City is equally adventurous to each, so who am I to judge how others enjoy this adventurous city.
